hi I finally got my jewel pets and go
the cat gone from eBay since that was
the only place I couldn't get her
I fit there's about two left on eBay at
the moment pens after sun-up put put her
back on again like a couple more back on
again not to shop and already open the
box of those that have all that to do so
then we just take her up the box we're
at the back of the box
well minute Black has gone that Ruby and
Saffy comes up of the other three
apparently this packs new so it's only
got Sango I'm looking for Luna next I
think there's a coffin Eber can't
remember how much in the eBay on the
same cell over but I do actually love
aqua but well why life and that's why I
get
just getting around the packet outlets
and I just left the um that card fingers
on my bedrooms and let me just quickly
go and get that
I'll go it but this is sango's card
thing
power is predict protection and her
jewel is coral over there
but first of all gonna show you guys
Sango she's so cute
don't think I'm not that pleased with is
the most cuz I'm from painted the nose
I'm still keeping her though I'm not too
sure I fooled them I like that plus not
just one cat now got three cats she's
just sick she's a little bit will do
it's like gone it's a little bit taller
than her I'm gonna show you guys on this
box my phone box dangly got a little bit
taller than Sango well Sankar and
Diana's the same size so the snap
there's the box
that's a dual time opened thing and he
used that phone again
she opens up like this but it opens up
like this like this and if sign goes in
it I find it really hard to pick some
good like looking at me as I did wait a
minute
just getting her in that she's like this
and then so now I have five Joule per
same gun
diana going up just putting a bucket
sides having gone up
Safiye
I'm Ruby there's all wrong
thanks for watching